winner or loser
Votes to kill widows
Xiting Zunbian
But it can be overwhelming.
Avoid losing your identity
I have forgiven others
You didn't say you wanted to kill me.
I'll give you a chance.
It's ours, isn't it?
Lord Soldier
Forgive others
Although you are the guest of honor
Coco, the guy behind us.
It's not what you want.
That's it for today
Good for everyone.
It's good for everyone to forgive others
I'd like to see if today is not forgiving
What can the people behind you do to me?
Take them down for me
A little too much
Don't let us do it wrong.
Give me a break.
Behind our country is a dignified war god
Hey, I tell you to forgive me.
I can be a cow and a horse in my next life
Miss Lin
Is it worth it for me to be with Yufei?
I'm not big.
I was wrong. I was short-sighted.
You and the concubine are a perfect match
I don't have anyone darker than you
They deserve
Then I'll go back to Lu Xuan
And me. And me.
I don't need you to do anything
Lu Xuan is mine
What you say is yours is yours, you are not married
Besides, everyone has a chance
Is it sisters?
It's Zixuan
I heard you like looking at uniforms
Come on, let's go home and wear it for you to see.
Yufei save me